Update Module md according to standards (#167)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-websubhub: websubhub-ballerina/Module.md

## Overview

> This module provides APIs for WebSub Hub service and WebSub Publisher client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides APIs for the WebSubHub service and WebSub publisher client.
```
